IRIS-6220 (#11402)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF9160 samples
---------------

* :ref:`nrf_cloud_rest_cell_pos_sample` sample:

>   * Added a sample version string :kconfig:option:`REST_CELL_LOCATION_SAMPLE_VERSION`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added a Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`REST_CELL_LOCATION_SAMPLE_VERSION` for the sample version.
```
